of Polygonum and F agopyrum. 115

torn, and having very numerous parallel brown, inostly unbranched nerves.
It is supposed by Professor Royle to be part of the same plant as those which
I have considered P. aciculare. Should that prove to bc the fact, it will go
far to dcstroy several species in this genus, by showing the uncertainty of
characters drawn froin the stipules.

Saharunpore.

30. P. Roylii.

Floribus axillaribus parvis pedicello brevissimo, achcnio trigono granulato-
striato calyci aequali, ochreis acutis Iobatis haud laceris: venis 2 obsoletis,
foliis lineari-lanceolatis acutis integris punctis glandulosis numerosissimis,
caule 3—4-angulato: angulis scabris.

Stem prostrate, perennial, branched, with 3 or 4 scabrous angles. Leares
linear-lanceolate, acute, entire, covered both above ancl below with pel-
lucid glandular dots. ,S'tipales rather short, acute, lobed, but, scarcely
torn, with two short nei-ves. Flowers axissary, small, almost sessile, the
pedicels jointed just below the flower3 the internodes so much shortened
at the extremities of the branches as to give the appearance of a spiked
infloreseence. Frui! small, 3-gonous‚ equal to the calyx; the faces tri-
angular-ovate, acute, granulate-striate.

Theog and Phagoo, in June.

31. P. mucronatuin.

Floribus axillaribus parvis sessilibus, achenio trigono laevi, ochreis ovatis
acutis laceris internodiis longioribus nervis nuffis, foliis lanceolam-line-
aribus longe mucronatis marginibus recurvis, caule pubescenti lignoso.

P. mucronatnm. Royle MSS.

Stem prostrate, woody, branched, pubescent‚ the internodes very short. Lenem·
sessile, linear-laneeolate, their margins reflexed, the inidrib running out
into a long pellucid subulate point. ›S'tipules white, longer than the in-
ternodeS, (very rarely s1101·te1·‚) acute, torn, without any nerves. Flam-ers
axillary, small and sessile. Frnit trigonous‚ sinootli‚ very young on my
speciincns.

Chango in lx'unawur‚ in August.

