[Ur. BLACKWALL'S Descriptions of new Species of Spiders. 651

mandibulis maxillis labio sterno palpisque flavescenti-brunneis ; pedibus
gracilibus flavescenti-brunneis nigro-fasciatis; abdomine sordide luteo,
fascia nigra mediana in anteriori parte antice triangulari postice subra-
mosfi, in series duas macularum parvarum ante filatoria coalitarum desi-
nente.

Maris pedes anteriores posterioribus longiores.

Length of the female ffith of an inch ; length of cephalo-thorax *2¹13 breadth
3—12—; breadth of abdomen '2213 length of an anterior leg &3 length ofa
leg of the third pair ᾖ.

Anterior part of the cephalo-thorax compressed; sides depressed and marked
with furrows diverging from the upper part to the margins; in the medial
line of the posterior region there is an indentation: colour yellowish
brown, with blackish margins, a longitudinal row of small black spots on
each side, and a black mark ofa triangular form, whose vertex is directed
backwardS, immediately behind the eyes, which arc seated on black spots.
Mandibles long, powerful, divergent at the extremity, armcd with a few
teeth 011 the inner surface, and inclined towards the sternum⁷ which is
broad and heart-shaped. These parts, with the maxillae, lip and palpi,
are yellowish brown, the sternum and lip being the dai-kest. Legs slen-
der, of a yellowish brown colour, with black bands; first and fourth pairs
the longest and equal in length, third pair the shortest. Abdomen ovi-
form, thinly covered with balii-s, very convex above, projccting over the
base of the cephalo-thorax: it is of a dull yellow colonr, with a black
band in the medial line of the upper part, extending from before rather
more than a third of its length; the anterior portion of the band is tri-
angular, with its vertex directed forwards; the posterior part is narrower
and somewhat ramified: from the termination of the band extends a lon-
gitudinal row of irregular black spots, on each side of the medial line; a
few of these spots unite immediately above the spinners, and form there
short, curved, transverse lines; numerous streaks and patches of black
occur on the sides, the largest of which are on their anterior part; the
under part, and the plates of the spii-acles, are dull yellowish brown. The
sexual organs are prominent, and have a curved process in connection

VOL. XVIII. 4 Q

