(3:3ss

le. BLACKWALL'S Descriptions qs new ›S'pecies ‘ffSlJI’IJWS-

posterior region, with an exceedingly minute iudentation in the media]
line. Mandibles conieal, armed with teeth 011 the inner surface, and in-
clined towards the sternam, which is lieart-shaped and glossy. Maxilla·
strong, and inclined towards the lip, which is semieircular and prominent
at the extremity. These parts, with the legs and palpi, are brown, the
lnandibles, lip, and margins of the. cephalo-thorax being the darkest.
First and fourth pairs of legs, which are the longest, equal in length, third
pair the shortest. Abdomen oviform, convex above, projecting over the
base of the cephalo-thorax; it is thinly covered with hairs, glossy, and
very dark brown, or brown black. Plates of the spiracles hrown.

The male, though smaller than the female, resembles her in colour and
in the relative length of his legs3 but differs from her in having an in-
dentation on each side of the anterior part of the cephalo-thorax, imme-
diately behind the lateral eyes. The fourth joint of the palpi, which is
rather shorter and stronger than the third joint, projects an acute, pro-
minent apophysis from its extremity, in front; fifth joint oval, convex
and hairy externally‚ concavo within, compr-ising the palpa] organs; they
are moderately developcd, not very complicated in structure, rather pro-
minent, and ofa red-brown colour.

Numerous specimens of this very minute spidcr were procured on rails near
Llanrwst, in December 1836, and ‹January 1837.

23. bl'alclfenactra humilis. Nigricans; pedibus palpisque rufo-brunneis.

Maris pedes posteriores anterioribus paulo longiores ; cephalo-thoracis
pars anterior elevata truncata apice pilis plurimis brevibus instructa.

Length of the female >sto-*th of an inch: length of cephalo-thorax &3 breadth

ᾗς breadth of abdomen ᾗῇ length of an anterior leg ἷζε-ς length of a

leg of the third pair ‘1³4'-

Upper part of the cephalo-thorax glossy7 convex, particularly behind the eyes,

depressed in the posterior region, with an indentation in the medial line.
Mandibles conical, armed with teeth on the inner sur-face, and inclined
towards the sternum, which is broad, heart—Sllaped, convex and glossy.
These parts, with the maxillae aud lip, are brown-blaek, the mandihles

