624 lllzu BLACKWALL'S Descriptions qs new Species qf' Spiders.

rows, whose convexity is directed backwards; the lateral eyes are the
largest, and the intermediate ones of the anterior row the smallest of the
eight. Abdomen mot-coloured, thickly covered with hairs, short, rather
larger at the posterior than the anterior extremity, convex above, pro-
jecting a little over the base of the cephalo-thorax. Spinners brown3 the
superior pair, which is much longer than the rest, and triarticulate, has
the spinning-tubes arranged along the inferior sui-face of the terminal
joint. Sexual organs prominent, and dark reddish brown. Plates of the
spii-acles pale yellow.

About midsunnner‚ individuals of this species may be seen on rails and
gates in pastures near Llanrwst in considerable numbers, but they are all
females. The only male which has come under my observation was found
beneath a stone imbedded iu earth, in the autumn of 1837. It bore a close
resemblance to the other sm, but escaped from me before I had an opportu-

nity of describing the structure of the palpal orgum, Which were completely
developed.

12. Agelena celans. Cephalo-thorace saturate brunneo lateribus fasciaque
mediana flavescenti-brunneis3 oculis seriei anterioris intermediis omnium
multo minimis; mandibulis maxillis labio pedibus palpisque rufo-brun-
neis; abdomine saturate brunneo rufescenti et flavescenti tincto, fascia
mediana obscura dentata rufeseeuti-brunnea.

Length of the female 3¹5th of an inch; length of cephalo-thorax ᾖς breadth
·1¹†;; breadth of abdomen ᾖς length of a posterior leg ἧς length of a
leg of the third pair {³1-

Anterior part of the cephalo-thorax slightly compressed3 sides depressed‚
marked with furrows diverging from the upper part to the margins; in
the medial line of the posterior region there is a narrow iudentati0n3 it
is bairy, and ofa very dark brown colour, with yellowisb brown lateral
margins, and a band of the same hue extending along the middle. Eyes
disposed ou the fore-part of the cephalo-thorax in two transverse, curved⁷
nearly parallel rows, whose convexity is directed backwards3 the latcral
eyes are the largest, and the intermediate ones of the anterior row much

