*allieel to the ZVutural order Burmanniaceae. 541

placentae, each formed of a handle of (lescending vessels, the only lon-
gitudinal fibres to he seen in the whole structure. Style a short tri-
gonous, 111511161116 column, arising 0111 of the eonvex six-groovcd free
summit of the ovarium, having its angles as well as the stigmata eon-
tinuous with the placentary lines, and opposite to the petals. Stigmata
three, sigmoid, divaricate, short, each terminated hy a sort of cup with
its margin compressed on three sides, leaving only three open points
at the angles, appear-ing like as many glandular dots, in which 15 56611
1116 thick viseous flnid with which the cup is filled: they wither with
1116 flower, but the style. is always persistent. Cupszzle rather ovate,
double the size of the ovarium when the flower first expands, yellowish
white, 11611161655, three-valved, bursting hy laceration of the membranes,
each valve suhmembranaceous, showing in its 6611116 1116 elastic horny
placenta crowned hy a portion of the style. Seeds very numerous, filling
the. whole cavity of the capsule, and densely radiating in close series
round the placentations, very minute, scohiform, similar to those of
501116 Orcleiclew. Testa oblong, somcwhat curved, trnneatcd at the hase,
swelling a little 111 1116 1111111116, and tapering much towards the apex,
consisting of an exceedingly 111111 transparent memhrane, composed of
long, rhomboidal or hexagonal cells, of which the partitions are strong
and very prominent, and the intervening membrane is transparent and
colourless: it presents in its centre a much smaller pyriform nucleus,
which is opake, and secmingly free within the testa, inverted, and
suspended by a compressed cord from the apex of the latter; the eud
pointing towards the hilum 15 6011111161611 11110 11 5011 of nipple.

This species was found by me, at the period already stated, in the woody

range of the Coreovado Mountain in the vicinity of Rio de sanein-0, at an

elevation of nearly 2000 feet above the level of the sea, growing upon deeaying

timber, particularly on the decayed 10015 of palms.

. D. umbellam, caule erecto simplicissimo, foliis erecto-patulis, umbella
simplici 6—9-fl0ra, floribus erectis, pedicellis basi bracteatis, ovario
eeostato. TAB. XXXVII. fig. 2.

Plant similar in habit to the former species, but smaller. The root 15 111016
4 B 2

